Remove tty-table dependency (#1390)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/thirty-glasses-complain.md

---
"@changesets/cli": patch
---

> Remove `tty-table` dependency and re-implement simpler table printing

Reviewer: this has to be tweaked now

Author: ```suggestion
Display `changeset status --verbose` in list form and remove `tty-table` dependency
```
